DOC: Describe speclite filters in documentation (#457)
skypyproject/skypy: docs/utils/index.rst

This module contains methods that model spectral energy distributions and
calculate photometric properties.

> Some of the following functions require a photometric filter as an input
> parameter. In SkyPy, we included the
> `speclite <https://speclite.readthedocs.io/>`_ package to enable different
> spectroscopic tasks
> (see `Dependencies <https://skypy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install.html#dependencies>`_).
> One can choose between the available filters described
> `here <https://speclite.readthedocs.io/en/latest/filters.html>`_ by using the
> same syntax (see `speclite.filters.load_filters`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SkyPy uses the `speclite <https://speclite.readthedocs.io/>`_ package for
photometric calculations. Some of the following functions take the names of
photometric filters as an input parameter. Users can choose from the available
`Speclite Filters <https://speclite.readthedocs.io/en/latest/filters.html>`_
following the naming syntax described in `speclite.filters.load_filters`, or
create their own named `speclite.filters.FilterResponse`.

```

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity and also to highlight that users can create their own `FilterResponse`
